TINY-6586: Ensure editor change event is fired after image upload (#6216)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

    Added new `emoticons_database` setting to configure which emoji database to use #TINY-6021
    Added new `name` field to the `style_formats` setting object to enable specifying a name for the format. #TINY-4239
    Changed `readonly` mode to allow hyperlinks to be clickable #TINY-6248

>     Fixed `change` event not being fired after image upload #TINY-6586

Reviewer: Can't use `being` is a banned word unfortunately :cry: 

```suggestion
    Fixed the `change` event not fired after an image upload #TINY-6586
```
